hey this is father Robert balancer from
gadget at the textile net we're here in
the south hall at CES 2009 I'm at the
sand is booth with Lee and she's going
to explain to us well a new product that
they've released in fact it's a new new
paradigm of product that they've
released called slot music Natalie tell
us a little bit about this player that
I'm holding here it's actually called
slot radio I'm sorry it's already I keep
confusing the tube yeah radio so
radio is the easiest way for you to
access and get digital music so
radio is a card a microSD card that is
preloaded with a thousand songs and a
thousand songs are organized and
handcrafted into playlists and the
playlists are you know readily available
and they're they're all done for you so
there's no need for you to download
music and you just basically plug and
play you plug in the card and you hit
play and the music is right there for
you yeah I see I didn't really
understand it at first because I thought
going to physical media you know buying
music on a card is kind of backwards I
mean we've been going to all online
distribution but that's this is this is
intended to sort of give people a
sampling they buy a card that has a
thousand songs loaded they find the one
that they want and then they go over to
a music now now tell us a little
bit more about the player itself okay so
the player itself is very very simple to
use and you basically have you basically
insert the slot radio card into the top
right here and then you switch to play
and the music plays instantly so there
are channel buttons or actually playlist
buttons right here that you press and
you can switch between the playlists and
then when you hear us on that you don't
like you can skip the song now back to
the slot radio in terms of who would be
using this this player and then this
solution it's really great for people
who don't have the time or the
inclination to download music and in
terms of physical media and you're
talking about like why you know why
would people want to carry cons there
some people just want to plug and play
music and they don't want to have to
deal with the hassle of downloading and
you know mess with that because it
really takes a lot of time yeah that's
that is actually a very it's an
interesting paradigm and that's
something that no one no one else is
doing you know not only is it a nice
player but it caters of those who want
to enjoy music but maybe aren't all that
computer savvy exactly exactly I mean
and also you know first lot radio it's a
casual music listening experience so you
lean back and that's why we call a radio
all the older music has been
pre-programmed for you and you lean back
and you just relax and let someone else
do the work for you yeah now where can
they get this how much is it going to
going to cost and where do they go if
they want to find out more about it okay
so you go to set Sansa calm to learn
more about it and you can buy it in the
next few months we're going to be
selling it at most retail stores and the
price point is ninety nine dollars for
the player and it comes with a slot
radio mix cod and so that mix cut has a
mix of different genres on there so it
really gives you a sampling or a flavor
of the slot radio cards and then you can
buy individually and the slot radio
individual cons and those are 39 99 look
well thank you leave now if you want to
check out thus the music the slot
radio players from sandisk make sure you
go over to Sansa com you can get a great
player and maybe expand your musical
horizons now stay tuned we're going to
continue our coverage of CES 2009